[Music]
I just have no clue where this is gonna
fit in the water
honestly I'm stowing away our sage sage
green hello you beautiful people welcome
back to another video I hope you're
doing really really good and have been
having a really good week today I'm back
with no video and it is officially my
biggest prettiest thing hole all in good
timing for Black Friday and I think it's
Cyber Monday as well that they have I
thought this was with the best time in
to do a huge pretty little thing whole
as all the deals tend to start around
about now like following on till the
Black Friday on the 29th of November I
were to get such a good time like to get
all your Christmas presents and bits
involved because so many good deals on
so some other stuff that I got from
pretty little thing I've been wearing
over the past few days and my goodness I
can't wait to show you I've got one
piece that I think it's gonna be maybe
two two things that are gonna be my
favorite they had like the Little Mix
collection which was unreal I went to
watch little minx last week and it was
so much fun
I will this sparkly kind of like mesh
dress
I ended up ordering in the bodysuit as
works it's just so nice I particularly
love pretty little thing at this time
here just because you know you've got
like a a last minute have been on like
the fat so whatever and you can order
next day delivery on the Friday like the
amount of times my goodness how many
times like especially in my uni years
wear ivory on ivory on their like the
Thursday or Friday night like finding a
full outfit and then ordering it next
days we really like that is my go-to
especially in that kind of snow yeah
this time here I do think there's always
that last-minute Christmas parties so as
usual I will show you I've got and also
show you how I am wearing it and what
fits like guys don't judge me I honestly
went Pam
I have opened quite a lot of it as soon
as I got it I just needed to see what
was going on and what was good we've got
one turn three
that is rampant Mason answered the door
and was literally like Olivia before I
forget to mention I will leave the links
and everything down below I won't name
the prices as I go just because I know
there's going to be so many sales on and
I don't know for sure
like what percentages are will be off a
breeze let's start with this gorgeous
jacket I've been seeing this all over
Instagram and I just think it looks
absolutely amazing I remember I think
it's been sort of like on trend every
winter probably remember the last three
years or something but I've never
actually owned one of my own so now is
the time and I love these as well it's
black it goes with so much and I don't
know anything like me but I'm all black
kinda girl and especially in the winter
months like a nice look or I can it cold
I just thought that'd be really nice
such as it's just a goatee Peters and I
think every female needs this coat in a
wardrobe I just kind of coated but my
god the quality of this is amazing and
I've got this in a size 8 and it fits
really well I don't think something's
like pulling me I'm so impressed
are these shoulders as well like after
that we're actually fully on I would
like the jackets first now as you can
see I've already worn these a lot
there's a hundred percent the nicest
things that I've ever got from pretty
little thing I've been so impressed so
this is this beautiful trenchcoat it's
like a kind of a minty green but I think
it's called sake sake Sarge sage sage
green for this I think I won this twice
actually this week and I've had so many
compliments I think it looks really
expensive actually as well obviously it
doesn't keep you warm long but I think
if you wear like a knit underneath but
it's like full length I will show you
this on absolutely obsessed I wore it
over the top of and like some joggers
and a jumper the other day
and it was such a vibe it just goes to
so much is such a Michal it's like a
neutral super light khaki color I think
it looks like a booty coat and I love a
trench coat I love the buttons you're
not a 2-tone Bingley thing then I've
just got so many black bits of fluff on
the floor that is so known offer me this
is my favorite coat of the entire whole
you know go back and get this in another
color as well I think they have it in a
new bit it's like a really nice feel and
finish like a casual outfit super beauty
with it being quite light material you
can just show it in the wash like the
buttons on this and then hold look how
gorgeous is this I got this in a size 12
and it's like a super oversized blazer
jacket I think it's out the Molly main
collection absolutely love it
this is just like a neutral like Beija
dark beige color
I wore over the top of jumpsuit the
other day and looked amazing I've seen
quite a few guys wear like the cycle
shorts nice little top you know with the
new blazer now this I'm going to get so
much wear out this place because it's
just like an easy throw on I've also put
on the snakeskin of boots with these and
I think that looks lovely and I like
pulling the Caeser of like there I
ordered this stone oversized color-block
jumper got like a bit of a green color
here and but yeah this time of year and
over Christmas and stuff I don't know if
he's gonna be wishy-washy though I can't
really see with a nice like chunky
necklace and I just think I tend to live
in a lot on it we're at the moment oh my
god didn't expect this
next up is these gorgeous like
multi-tone jumper this fit is just
something super different it's like so
comfortable and I like the shape of it a
lot it's like an oversized kind of feel
happy that I got it in this size
I've got it on we
trainers I think that's really nice like
casual days today outfit I like this a
lot as well with the trench coat you can
just wear this with so much and the
black jacket would also go oh this is so
cozy
oh it's I'm itchy match to next I got
this cord it is like home and knit skirt
and jump hurt with a thick neck they
connect a roll neck this here I don't
know what this would be like corner
because I was thinking I shouldn't got
it in the gray now I really like the
whole idea of like you know I can
immediately skirt boots and like one of
those coats would look so nice it's
really nice quality and I think that
will be really nice over Christmas time
and stir but here is the cream cold put
it on with the red boots now I really
like them both I just think if the
creams like washing me out completely
should have it in like a charcoal color
which was also really nice but the fit
is amazing it's got a really nice feel
to it and I like the detailing that's on
over the top I think with boots it's
just such an asset a weekend out of it
this goes like a nice fur or like Teddy
coat I don't know color on me and I got
this gray Christmas Unicom print jumper
I absolutely love this if you're not one
of those people that like she's not
bright red Christmas jumpers and you
actually just wanted something a bit
more neutral or something I thought this
was really nice it's got like all spotty
back and then unicorns and like white
detailing on the front that's really
nice gorgeous quality they knitwear last
year was no near as nice as this letter
size small you do have medium and a
large as well
I should not be really nice but around
Christmas Christmas Eve Christmas Day I
really like it's like oversized I do
kind of wish in a size different got it
like super sized a bit of a funny length
shape wise but for Christmas a Christmas
Day I don't know there's loads you can
do this actually but I think I'm like a
nice necklace
that'll be quite different front and
back
jacket over the top or the cute
bang and black boots or something or
even like black knee-highs would look
nice then our girl obsessed with these
are in tribal on a black satin pot ik
pajama set these got stock so quickly
like anything satin Irish thing goes I
stop so quickly and they're so cheap on
pretty little thing these are my
favorite types of pajamas I just think
they make just feel so nice and young
you've got like you just hand you're
feeling off fresh you just wash your
hair and put some lovely little PJs or
like around Christmastime these would be
a really nice present as well white
stitching all the way around
Lodz is like really really nice satin
pajamas and then this these are the
black satin pajamas and my goodness
these are like the compass things you
will ever put on they have them in a few
different colors well haven't had them
in like a nice like a baby pink like a
blush pink they had loads on the side
and a copy the hummers blow they weren't
out of stock everywhere I've looked I've
been out of stock they're really nice
fit and just feel amazing definitely
true to size but if you prefer your PJs
to be like to see for oversized and you
know go for a large or something but I
really like it and this would be nice
you know if you're getting ready with
your girls or whatever for a night out I
just think they're just super lovely and
so yeah doctor this haul I think I've
lived almost everything the only thing I
wasn't sure about was the color on that
coop but fitting wise everything fit
really well I just have no clue where
this is gonna fit in my wardrobe
honestly I'm stowing away I don't know
we're in total I think it all came to
around 400 pounds but he's obviously
weren't in this sale when I ordered
though so it's been like half the price
a little Black Friday then I got this
black a ribbed plunge top with like the
button detail obviously I'll probably do
that like I have a whole booth would be
out if we were like that these are just
good essentials I love like anything
ribbed fabric and where so many of these
just icon add a ladles and it's a
bodysuit this is the
black boy you would like the pop
efferent you can wait right to the top
or like for a night out or something you
can wear it low down with like a nice
push-up bra and of the rift material
this is just a good little essential to
have you can't go wrong I have loads of
these in those different colors I don't
think you can never have too many and I
also got just a black V log V long v
long-sleeved bodysuit again this is just
like a softer fabric it's a bit like
see-through and transparent but when you
wear a black bra it's absolutely fine
I've got this in Y and I just yeah just
an absolute essential so then I put on
like the v-neck bodysuit with the coast
jeans this is a little bit transparent
but I think with a black bear would be
fine but it's just that quite a thin
material it has got a popper in the
bottom so it's not like a full you know
take everything off I've also put the
trainers on again this outfits are so
easy like you can just put on you can
wear boots just everything written but I
really like it with the trainers and
then I've got a pair of black coated
like leather look wet look I don't know
what you'd change these are my absolute
favorite I've wear these most days to be
honest like black cozy jeans I just
think they could make like a Cadillac
fit look a lot more a lot nicer for
these inner thighs a high-rise in terms
of the Kirsty jeans last year I always
side down there I mean sighs popping the
proto jeans I felt it came up small but
this year these are a bit too bigger
actually recommend sizing down in the
co2 jeans then I got this cream maxi
cardigan
now I didn't I couldn't believe this
cart I had a really nice cream cardigan
last year it wasn't this is I want this
color but and I shouldn't these look
nice over anything really like you know
just put on over jeans and they're super
warm and cozy and I think you just you
need a long cardigan for winter thinking
that this would be nice over this but
maybe I don't know if I like this tone
of
on me and I look the actual shape of
this just think it's a nice little throw
on over any outfit and they do take it
you really wrong but I don't know if I'm
feeling it with the croquette jeans or
something not quite right I think this
is not a darker gray so I don't know
about that it smells a bit funny as well
in my head I thought was gonna work then
I got these like Balenciaga trainer
dupes which are so nice
they've got the really similar lace in
at details again I think these would be
a really nice print them for someone the
go is so much because they're just like
a neutral color and I've got these in a
size 6 and I say they're really true to
size I wore these the other day we
trench coat and some white joggers I
will show you what that looked like
now I'm going to get a lot of wear out
of them and they're just so reasonably
priced I also picked up these snake
print boots with this gorgeous zip these
look exactly like something you'd get
out of sorrow but half the price a world
easy today and I think I found them
super super comfortable and not
ridiculously high again I got this in a
size 6 and definitely true to size and
these are just gonna go so much I was
thinking with like the knitted cord here
is this gorgeous jumpsuit that I had on
that I've been wearing from the start
it's like loungewear but I love how you
can wear it casually or a dress it up
with like a blazer we've got a gorgeous
tie waist and it's super super
flattering on like the bum area it's
different on things that you know you're
going to get loads of wear out of and
and I just like how it you can dress it
up or down relax it you can put some
gorgeous little boots this what I was
thinking and I can blaze a fabric and
not transparent the only thing with
these is it so no moment you don't need
a toilet because you've got to fully
strip off so guys as you can see that
was like undoubtedly my best and
favorite pretty little thing hole I have
ever done over on my channel I really
hope you enjoyed it as much as I did
making it and also got some good out of
it in SPO and and I really hope
get some good bargains as well and I
really hope you get some amazing
bargains over Black Friday and Christmas
presents and whatnot and so yeah if you
haven't only don't forget to subscribe
to my channel and leave me comment and
what you think of the video and I will
see you guys in the next video